Refactor relationship pages and add single relationships description (#293)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/relationships/single-relationships.adoc

> [[single-relationships]]

Reviewer: This page feels very close to "cardinality" one. would it make sense to merge them?

Author: lol, they were merged and the feedback was to split the modelling from the single relationship specific things

Reviewer: then ignore my comment, or do what you feel it is best :laughing:

= Single relationships and cardinality considerations
:page-aliases: relationships/relationships.adoc relationships/single-relationships.adoc
:description: This page describes the ways to interact with a Neo4j single relationship in the GraphQL schema.

Single relationships are relationships that are modeled as a non-list type field on either side of the relationship. 
If both sides are non-list types the relationship is a xref:relationships/cardinality.adoc#_one_to_one_relationships[one-to-one] relationship, while if one side is a non-list type and the other side is a list type, the relationship is a xref:relationships/cardinality.adoc#_one_to_many_relationships[one-to-many] relationship.

Neo4j databases do not currently support constraints on relationship cardinality. 

> However, many users of GraphQL wish to model relationships as either one-to-one or one-to-many in the GraphQL schema, therefore we have chosen to support this in the Neo4j GraphQL Library. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, one-to-one and one-to-many relationships can be modeled with a GraphQL schema and they are supported by the Neo4j GraphQL Library. 
```
shortened so that it just states "what is" - make sure that the claim is still correct

> Users of this feature should be aware there is no guarantee that only one relationship will be present in the database and this may result in non-deterministic behaviour. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users of this feature should be aware that there is no guarantee that only one relationship is present in the database and this may result in non-deterministic behavior. 
```

> The only guarantee is that only one result will be returned when querying across a single relationship, but that result can be <<_at_most_one_relationship,any of the related nodes>>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The only guarantee is that only one result is returned when querying across a single relationship, but that result can be <<_at_most_one_relationship,any of the related nodes>>.
```

== Data model

Take the following graph as an example in which a `Person` can direct multiple movies but a `Movie` only has one director. 

Conceptually this is a one-to-many relationship and the single relationship is represented by the `DIRECTED` type relationship field on the `Movie` type.

image::relationships/2-relationship-types.png[title="Model of a Movie node connected to a Person node through two different relationship types: ACTED_IN and DIRECTED."]

.Defining the node types with a one-to-many relationship of type DIRECTED between Person and Movie
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
type Person @node {
    name: String!
    directed: [Movie!]! @relationship(type: "DIRECTED", direction: OUT)
}

type Movie @node {
    title: String!
    released: Int!
    director: Person @relationship(type: "DIRECTED", direction: IN)
}
----

== Querying single relationships

Querying single relationships returns the data of a single node if there is a relationship, and null otherwise. 

> If the database contains multiple relationships of the same type, which is possible as a consequence of the Neo4j cardinality limitation, only one node is returned. See more details in <<_cardinality_limitations,Cardinality limitations>>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the database contains multiple relationships of the same type, which is possible as a consequence of the Neo4j cardinality limitation, only one node is returned.
See more details in <<_cardinality_limitations,Cardinality limitations>>.
```

.Delete Movie and Person nodes that are connected through the DIRECTED relationship
====
The following query deletes the `Movie` node and the `Person` node if any is found by traversing the `DIRECTED` relationship.

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
mutation {
  deleteMovies(
    where: { title: { eq: "No Country for Old Men" } },
    delete: {
        director: { 
            where: { node: { name: { eq: "Joel Coen" } } }
        } 
    }
  ){
    nodesDeleted
    relationshipsDeleted
  }
}
----
====

However, the `disconnect` nested mutation is not available. 
Therefore, if the intention is to delete the relationship, the disconnect must be performed from the "many" side of the relationship. 

.Delete an existing DIRECTED relationship between a Movie and a Person node
====
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
mutation {
  updatePerson(
    where: { name: { eq: "Joel Coen" } }
    update: {
        directed: [{
            disconnect: { 
                where: { node: { title: { eq: "No Country for Old Men" } } },
            } 
        }]
    }
  ){
    info {
        relationshipsDeleted
    }
  }
}
----
====

== Cardinality limitations

=== Exactly one relationship

> Analyzing the model above, an observation is that it is impossible for a `Movie` to not have a director. Therefore, you would ideally want to make the `director` field non-nullable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Analyzing the model above, an observation is that it is impossible for a `Movie` to not have a director.
Therefore, the `director` field should be non-nullable.
```

> Because of the current lack of constraints on relationship cardinality in the Neo4j database, it is not possible to enforce this cardinality of exactly one relationship and so all single relationship fields must be nullable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because of the current lack of constraints on relationship cardinality in the Neo4j database, it is not possible to enforce this cardinality of exactly one relationship which is why all single relationship fields must be nullable.
```

=== At most one relationship

A nullable single relationship field models a relationship of at most one relationship between any two nodes of those types.

> In the context of multiple surfaces accessing the same Neo4j database through different APIs or direct database access, it is possible that what a GraphQL API models as a single relationship between two types ends up matching multiple relationships in the database, due to the current lack of constraints on relationship cardinality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the context of multiple surfaces accessing the same Neo4j database through different APIs or direct database access, it is possible that what a GraphQL API models as a single relationship between two types ends up matching multiple relationships in the database.
This is due to the current lack of constraints on relationship cardinality.
```

[[single-relationships]]

> = Single relationships and cardinality considerations

Reviewer 2: haven't read through all of it yet but what is a single relationship?
it's in the page name and title, but the intro of the page doesn't reveal what it is

:page-aliases: relationships/relationships.adoc relationships/single-relationships.adoc
:description: This page describes the different ways to model a Neo4j relationship in the GraphQL schema and talks about the limitations.

> Irrespective of the data model you have in your Neo4j database, the GraphQL schema should be designed in a way that allows the access of the data that your application needs. This means that there are often multiple ways to model the same data in the GraphQL schema, each with benefits and tradeoffs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Irrespective of the data model you have in your Neo4j database, the GraphQL schema should be designed in a way that allows the access of the data that your application needs.
This means that there are often multiple ways to model the same data in the GraphQL schema, each with benefits and tradeoffs.
```

With this in mind, the problem of data integrity arises in the case of APIs that allow for data manipulation.

> There are some limitations in the Neo4j database that make it impossible for the Neo4j GraphQL library generated operations to enforce certain data integrity rules that are valid in GraphQL schema design.

Reviewer: Maybe this could focus a bit more on how 1-1 relationships are available in GraphQL, but we need to be careful as Neo4j does not have that concept?

Author: This is what I was trying to say with "This means that there are often multiple ways to model the same data in the GraphQL schema, each with benefits and tradeoffs."
Happy to make it clearer if anyone has suggestions

Reviewer 3: I think I agree with @angrykoala. I think it's just that the framing of this comes across slightly too negative as it is.

How about something like this? You can probably do better than me as you have a much better idea of the edge cases/limitations we have in place

> Neo4j databases do not currently support constraints on relationship cardinality. However, many users of GraphQL wish to model relationships as either `one-to-one` or `one-to-many`.  We have chosen to support this in the Neo4j GraphQL Library. However, users of this feature should be aware that we cannot guarantee that only one relationship will be present in the database and this may result in non-deterministic behaviour

> There are some limitations in the Neo4j database that make it impossible for the Neo4j GraphQL library generated operations to enforce certain data integrity rules that are valid in GraphQL schema design.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are some limitations in the Neo4j database that make it impossible for operations generated with the Neo4j GraphQL library to enforce certain data integrity rules that are valid in GraphQL schema design.
```

This page describes the different ways to model a Neo4j relationship in the GraphQL schema and describes their limitations.

== Data model

Take the following graph as an example in which a `Person` type has two different relationship types, which can connect it to a `Movie` type.

image::relationships/2-relationship-types.png[title="Model of a Movie node connected to a Person node through two different relationship types: ACTED_IN and DIRECTED."]

> As before, we start with defining the two node types together with their fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As before, start with defining the two node types together with their fields.
```

.Defining the node types
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
type Person @node {
    name: String!
}

type Movie @node {
    title: String!
    released: Int!
}
----

> == Modelling Relationships

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Modeling relationships
```

> === Many-to-Many Relationships

Reviewer: If we are going to cover this in this document. Maybe we could rename this doc to `Cardinality`? so it covers everything?

If not, this probably shouldn't be a whole section

Author: The name in the top of the page does include Cardinality. I think in the contents it's better to have it as "Single Relationship" bc that's what people are more likely to look for, "Cardinality" is cryptic. 
It does make sense for cardinality considerations to live here however, bc you only care about this concept when you have a single relationship.
Do we think we need a separate page dedicated to modelling (interfaces, unions, relationships) ?

Reviewer: mmm, I feel that single relationships lives below cardinality, I disagree with saying that we only care about cardinality on single relationships, that just happens to be that our library is designed with many-to-many by default

Could this live in the top level index, in which we mention both, many to many, and for single we link to the single document? That way cardinality can be just a subheader of that doc, making it easier to find?

Reviewer 3: I also think that `Cardinality` would be a more accurate description for this page. But yeah maybe splitting this into several smaller pages means that we can have the page titles that people will be searching for? I guess people could arguably be searching for how to model one-to-many & many-to-many relationships also

> === Many-to-Many Relationships

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Many-to-many relationships
```

> A `Person` can _act in_ multiple movies, and a `Movie` can have multiple actors acted in it. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `Person` can act in multiple movies, and a `Movie` can have multiple actors acted in it. 
```

> Conceptually this is a *many-to-many* relationship and we model it by using list types for both relationship fields, on both sides of the relationship.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Conceptually this is a many-to-many relationship and you can model it by using list types for both relationship fields, on both sides of the relationship.
```

.Adding relationship fields both ways for a many-to-many relationship of type ACTED_IN between Person and Movie
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
type Person @node {
    name: String!
    actedIn: [Movie!]! @relationship(type: "ACTED_IN", direction: OUT)
}

type Movie @node {
    title: String!
    released: Int!
    actors: [Person!]! @relationship(type: "ACTED_IN", direction: IN)
}
----

[CAUTION]
====

> Both the list type and the type inside the list must be non-nullable, meaning that the relationship field must always return an array of values, and that array cannot contain null values. This means there will always be a number of related nodes (even if that number is zero), and the related nodes will always be valid nodes (never null).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both the list type and the type inside the list must be non-nullable, meaning that the relationship field must always return an array of values, and that array cannot contain null values.
This means there is always a number of related nodes (even if that number is zero), and the related nodes are always valid nodes (and never null).
```

> In other words, both the array and the type inside must have a `!`.

Reviewer: This looks redundant, aren't we already covering this in the `index.adoc`?

Author: Removed it from the other place, I think this is the more important one.

====

> === One-to-Many Relationships

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== One-to-many relationships
```

> A `Person` can _direct_ multiple movies but a `Movie` only has one director. Conceptually this is a *one-to-many* relationship and we model it by using a list type for the relationship field on the `Person` type, and a non-list type for the relationship field on the `Movie` type. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `Person` can direct multiple movies but a `Movie` only has one director.
Conceptually this is a one-to-many relationship and you can model it by using a list type for the relationship field on the `Person` type, and a non-list type for the relationship field on the `Movie` type. 
```

.Adding relationship fields both ways for a one-to-many relationship of type DIRECTED between Person and Movie
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
type Person @node {
    name: String!
    actedIn: [Movie!]! @relationship(type: "ACTED_IN", direction: OUT)
    directed: [Movie!]! @relationship(type: "DIRECTED", direction: OUT)
}

type Movie @node {
    title: String!
    released: Int!
    actors: [Person!]! @relationship(type: "ACTED_IN", direction: IN)
    director: Person @relationship(type: "DIRECTED", direction: IN)
}
----

[CAUTION]
====

> Note that it is impossible for a `Movie` to not have a director, so ideally we would want to make the `director` field non-nullable. This is however not possible with the Neo4j GraphQL Library due to a limitation of Neo4j in enforcing a cardinality of 1 relationship between nodes in the database, which is required for a non-nullable relationship field.

Reviewer 3: I think this caution should be worded similar to what we have for many-to-many and should just say that single relationships need to be modelled as nullable

I think it's good to have a single section that talks about the limitations of single relationships but I think we only need to discuss it in the one place. Maybe we could link to that section from here though?

> Note that it is impossible for a `Movie` to not have a director, so ideally we would want to make the `director` field non-nullable. This is however not possible with the Neo4j GraphQL Library due to a limitation of Neo4j in enforcing a cardinality of 1 relationship between nodes in the database, which is required for a non-nullable relationship field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that it is impossible for a `Movie` to not have a director, so ideally you would want to make the `director` field non-nullable.
This is however not possible with the Neo4j GraphQL Library due to a limitation of Neo4j in enforcing a cardinality of only one relationship between nodes in the database, which is required for a non-nullable relationship field.
```

====

> === One-to-One Relationships

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== One-to-one relationships
```

> A `Person` Ana can _marry_ only one other `Person` Bob, and that other `Person` Bob can only be married to that `Person` Ana. Conceptually this is a *one-to-one* relationship and we model it by using a non-list type for the relationship field on both sides of the relationship.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `Person` Ana can marry only one other `Person` Bob, and that other `Person` Bob can only be married to that `Person` Ana.
Conceptually this is a one-to-one relationship and you can model it by using a non-list type for the relationship field on both sides of the relationship.
```

.Adding relationship fields both ways for a one-to-one relationship of type MARRIED between Person and Person
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
type Person @node {
    name: String!
    spouse: Person @relationship(type: "MARRIED", direction: OUT)
}
----

> In this case, the relationship is between nodes of the same type. This does not need to be the case and is only for the sake of this example. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case, the relationship is between nodes of the same type.
This does not need to be the case and is only for the sake of this example. 
```

[CAUTION]
====

> The same limitation as in One-to-Many relationships applies here, meaning that it is not possible to make the `spouse` field non-nullable.

Reviewer 3: Same as above: https://github.com/neo4j/docs-graphql/pull/293/changes#r2877996702

> The same limitation as in One-to-Many relationships applies here, meaning that it is not possible to make the `spouse` field non-nullable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The same limitation as in one-to-many relationships applies here, meaning that it is not possible to make the `spouse` field non-nullable.
```

====

== Querying single relationships

> Querying single relationships (of a non-null type) will return a single node data if there is a relationship, and null otherwise. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Querying single relationships (of a non-null type) returns the data of a single node if there is a relationship, and null otherwise. 
```

> If the database contains multiple relationships of the same type, which is possible as a consequence of the previously mentioned Neo4j cardinality limitation, only one node will be returned. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the database contains multiple relationships of the same type, which is possible as a consequence of the Neo4j cardinality limitation, only one node is returned. 
```
if you would rather retain a pointer ("previously"), let's add a link to the section instead

[CAUTION]
====
The node that is returned is not deterministic, meaning that it can be any of the nodes that are connected through that relationship.

> ====

Reviewer: This could probably be just another sentence in the previous paragraph, rather than a separate note

Author: I wanted this highlighted bc it's important - no?

Reviewer: It is, but it is also closely related to the previous paragraph, which you need to read anyway to understand what this refers to

> .Get Movie by title with related Person through DIRECTED relationship

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Get Movie by title with related Person through the DIRECTED relationship
```

====
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
query {
  movies(where: { director: { name: { eq: "Joel Coen" } } }) {
    title
  }
}
----
====

== Mutating single relationships

Only a subset of the operations provided by the Neo4j GraphQL Library for relationship fields is available for single relationships (of a non-null type).

At the moment only create and delete operations are supported on single relationships.

=== Creating a single relationship

It is possible to create the node on the single side of a single relationship and connect it to the source node in the same operation, using the `create` nested mutation.

.Create a Movie node and connect it to an inline created Person node through the DIRECTED relationship
====
The following query will create both the `Movie` node and the `Person` node, and connect them through the `DIRECTED` relationship.

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
mutation {
  createMovies(input: [{ 
    title: "No Country for Old Men", 
    released: 2007, 
    director: { create: { node: { name: "Joel Coen" } } } 
}]){
    movies {
        title
        director {
            name
        }
    }
  }
}
----
====

> However, the `connect` nested mutation is not available. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, the nested `connect` mutation is not available. 
```

> Therefore, if the node on the single side of a single relationship already exists, the relationship has to be created from the many side of the relationship. This can imply a second operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Therefore, if the node on the single side of a single relationship already exists, the relationship must be created from the "many" side of the relationship.
This can imply a second operation.
```

.Create a Movie node and connect it to an existing Person node through the DIRECTED relationship
====
The following query will create the `Movie` node.

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
mutation {
  createMovies(input: [{ 
    title: "No Country for Old Men", 
    released: 2007
}]){
    movies {
        title
    }
  }
}
----

> Then, another query will connect the two nodes through the `DIRECTED` relationship.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, a second query can connect the two nodes through the `DIRECTED` relationship.
```

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
mutation {
  updatePerson(
    where: { name: { eq: "Joel Coen" } }
    update: { 
        directed: { 
            connect: { 
                where: { node: { title: { eq: "No Country for Old Men" } } }
            } 
        } 
    }
  ){
    info {
        relationshipsCreated
    }
  }
}
----
====

=== Deleting a single relationship

> In the same way as for creates, it is possible to delete the node on the single side of a single relationship as a nested operation when deleting the source node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similarly to create operations, it is possible to delete the node on the single side of a single relationship as a nested operation when deleting the source node.
```
make sure this reflects the intended meaning

.Delete Movie and Person nodes that are connected through the DIRECTED relationship
====

> The following query will delete the `Movie` node and the `Person` node if any is found by traversing the `DIRECTED` relationship.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following query deletes the `Movie` node and the `Person` node if any is found by traversing the `DIRECTED` relationship.
```

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
mutation {
  deleteMovies(
    where: { title: { eq: "No Country for Old Men" } },
    delete: {
        director: { 
            where: { node: { name: { eq: "Joel Coen" } } }
        } 
    }
  ){
    nodesDeleted
    relationshipsDeleted
  }
}
----
====

However, the `disconnect` nested mutation is not available. 

> Therefore, if the intention is to delete the relationship, the disconnect has to be performed from the many side of the relationship. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Therefore, if the intention is to delete the relationship, the disconnect must be performed from the "many" side of the relationship. 
```

.Delete an existing DIRECTED relationship between a Movie and a Person node
====
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
mutation {
  updatePerson(
    where: { name: { eq: "Joel Coen" } }
    update: {
        directed: [{
            disconnect: { 
                where: { node: { title: { eq: "No Country for Old Men" } } },
            } 
        }]
    }
  ){
    info {
        relationshipsDeleted
    }
  }
}
----
====

== Neo4j cardinality limitation

=== Example

> In the context of multiple surfaces accessing the same Neo4j database, it is possible that what a GraphQL API models as a single relationship between two types might end up matching multiple relationships in the database, due to the Neo4j cardinality limitation described above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the context of multiple surfaces accessing the same Neo4j database, it is possible that what a GraphQL API models as a single relationship between two types ends up matching multiple relationships in the database, due to the Neo4j cardinality limitation described above.
```

> In the context of multiple surfaces accessing the same Neo4j database, it is possible that what a GraphQL API models as a single relationship between two types might end up matching multiple relationships in the database, due to the Neo4j cardinality limitation described above.

Reviewer 2: added a suggestion, but there are a few things here:
* what is a "surface"?
* this section is titled "Neo4j cardinality limitation", but this sentence refers to "above" to reference it - maybe it's worthwhile to introduce it in this section and then refer to this section in all the places above?

> Even within the same GraphQL API surface, for a *one-to-many* relationship it is possible to end up having multiple relationships.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Even within the same GraphQL API surface, it is possible for a one-to-many relationship to end up having multiple relationships.
```

Consider the following sample data in the database:

image::relationships/data/2Person-Movie-single-relationship.png[title="Disconnected nodes in the database (Left); The state of the database after running the following create and update operations (Right)"]

> .Create a Movie node and connect it to 2 Person nodes through the DIRECTED relationship

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Create a Movie node and connect it to two Person nodes through the DIRECTED relationship
```

====
The following query will connect the `Movie` node to both `Person` nodes through the `DIRECTED` relationship.

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
mutation {
  updatePerson(
    where: { name: { contains: "Coen" } }
    update: { 
        directed: { 
            connect: { 
                where: { node: { title: { eq: "No Country for Old Men" } } }
            } 
        } 
    }
  ){
    info {
        relationshipsCreated
    }
  }
}
----
====

> Querying for `Movies` and their `director` relationship fields will return only one object because of the type of the relationship in the GraphQL schema.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Querying for `Movies` and their `director` relationship fields returns only one object because of the type of the relationship in the GraphQL schema.
```

> If there are multiple relationships of the same type between the same two nodes, only one node will be returned. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If there are multiple relationships of the same type between the same two nodes, only one node is returned. 
```

[CAUTION]
====
The node that is returned is not deterministic, meaning that it can be any of the nodes that are connected through that relationship.
====

> .Get Movie by title with related Person through DIRECTED relationship

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Get Movie by title with related Person through the DIRECTED relationship
```

====
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
query {
  movies(where: { title: { eq: "No Country for Old Men" } }) {
    title
    director {
      name
    }
  }
}
----

> Results for the above query, considering the sample data of this page, would be either of the following 2 options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Assuming the sample data of this page, the result of the above query is either of the following two options:
```

>   }
> }
> ----
> 
> Results for the above query, considering the sample data of this page, would be either of the following 2 options:
> [source, javascript, indent=0]
> ----
> const resultWithJoelCoen = {
>     data: {
>          movies: [
>                 {
>                     title: "No Country for Old Men",
>                     director: { name: "Joel Coen" },
>                 },
>             ],
>     },
> };
> const resultWithEthanCoen = {
>     data: {
>          movies: [
>                 {
>                     title: "No Country for Old Men",
>                     director: { name: "Ethan Coen" },
>                 },
>             ],
>     },
> };
> ----

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[source, javascript, indent=0]
----
const resultWithJoelCoen = {
    data: {
         movies: [
                {
                    title: "No Country for Old Men",
                    director: { name: "Joel Coen" },
                },
            ],
    },
};
----

[source, javascript, indent=0]
----
const resultWithEthanCoen = {
    data: {
         movies: [
                {
                    title: "No Country for Old Men",
                    director: { name: "Ethan Coen" },
                },
            ],
    },
};
----
```

since they're options, i think they should be in different listings

====

=== Addressing the cardinality limitation

> This is a limitation of the Neo4j GraphQL Library because at the moment Neo4j cannot reliably enforce cardinality 1 in relationships between nodes, which is required for a non-nullable relationship field on the *one-to-* side of a *one-to-one* or *one-to-many* relationship.

Reviewer 2: similar wording earlier in the file -
see my other comment on this, maybe we can consolidate this a bit and use this section to explain the limitation and then reference it

> This is a limitation of the Neo4j GraphQL Library because at the moment Neo4j cannot reliably enforce cardinality 1 in relationships between nodes, which is required for a non-nullable relationship field on the *one-to-* side of a *one-to-one* or *one-to-many* relationship.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a limitation of the Neo4j GraphQL Library because at the moment Neo4j cannot reliably enforce cardinality of only one in relationships between nodes, which is required for a non-nullable relationship field on the "one-to" side of a one-to-one or one-to-many relationship.
```

There are a couple of options to work around this limitation:

> 1. Model the relationship as nullable, as the DIRECTED relationship in the example above. Protect the integrity of your data through application logic, for example by ensuring that every time a `Movie` node is created, it is connected to a `Person` node through the `DIRECTED` relationship.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Model the relationship as nullable, as the `DIRECTED` relationship in the example above. Protect the integrity of your data through application logic, for example by ensuring that every time a `Movie` node is created, it is connected to a `Person` node through the `DIRECTED` relationship.
```
also add a link to the section

2. Define your relationship with the `@cypher` directive instead of the `@relationship` directive. This option means that some functionality provided by the Neo4j GraphQL Library will not be available. For more information, see xref::/directives/database-mapping.adoc#_cypher[`@cypher` directive].

> 3. Model the relationship as a "many-to-many" relationship using list types, same as ACTED_IN in the example above. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Model the relationship as a many-to-many relationship using list types, same as `ACTED_IN` in the example above. 
```

add link
